

Regina is a welder.
She lives in a sad and tragic land called Narnia. 
Narnia had a snowy white mountaintop with a bit of snowfall coming down each day. The mountain tops leading down into cavern.

Regina the Welder decides to take a walk with her best friend, Dolly Gesamtkunstwerk. 
The Dollydog of Story Things chronically sleeps through their alarm and is healing a broken big toe. Despite these challenges, Underdog maintains a positive attitude and participates in Birthday celebrations and somersault competitions frequently. 

They walk towards Narnia's biggest mountain. A shadow casts itself over the sun, and all is dark around them. In a flash of lightening they see a white slithering mass moving towards them. 
"It's Kit!" shouts Regina, with a feeling of dread building. Regina recalls a story she ehard logn ago, when she was just a little welding tot. She turns to Dolly and says, "There Once was a land, far far away over the mountains, over the waterfalls that rivaled the Niagara falls, but had a more amazonian look. There was a little root that sprouted up from the ground. Day by day it would slowly grow. Then one day, the root just popped out of the ground, resembling an action figure in height, but made out of very flexible twigs and sticks. A walking tiny root person. Taking his first steps outside of the ground, he realized that he loves bathing in the sun, so that's what he would do for the next few months. Without realizing it, he spent the next half year with his legs rooted into the ground while basking in the nights of sunlight and during the night, the starry night sky that houses a full moon every two weeks. Within that half year, he grew to the size of a fit 8th grade child. Not knowing that he grew so much, it was easier to maneuver and cross distances. One day, he was halted in his joy of exploring by a large river bed. Not knowing what it was scared him a little, but as he approached closer and closer, his feet were telling him that it was the water that he'd absorbed every since he came to be. Directly drinking from the water, he realized it was missing a few things that the ground provided. He didn't mind it, honestly he was ecstatic because it was something very new to himself. After playing around with his new found information, he still pondered on how he would cross the large river bed. He tried crossing it Jason style, just walk right through it. It he didn't work since he's made of living wood, he would float. By the new found anger of not knowing how to cross this river bed, he started swinging his arms in a tantrum like most 2 year olds would. As he was swinging his arms in frustration, he was able to expand his arms and legs, detach them at the length and grow other plants. After his tantrum was over, he was surrounded by a bed of flowers, tiny sprouted trees, and bushes. To the new area surroundings, he was very surprised, but not as surprised when he looked at his legs. He was a staggering 13ft tall with orangutan arms as far as fairbanks trees, but no where near as thick. Shocked by his discovery, he tried to forcibly extend his arms to the other side. He was able to extend his arms about 3/4's of the way, to which he created large branches in length but semi thick. He continued to extend his arms 4 more times and constructed himself a living tree bridge to cross the river. As he crossed, he found an odd group of people of different color, shapes, and height. One of them had fur, to which he stared at. With the curiosity to explore new areas, he followed them onto their ship. To which he was introduced to Star Lord and the rest of his gang. This is my intake on how groot was formed." Dolly rolls her eyes at Kit, the Anaconda, and looks off at the darkening horizon. Storm clouds are on the move, coming their way.

In a lair atop Narnia's tallest mountain, High Lord Carabain peers down at the trio at the base of the mountain. He pulls away his opera glasses to consult his files. "Kit Katastrophe" he reads aloud to the empty room, his bvoice echoing off the glass expanse before him. "A sentient 17 foot long albino Anaconda named Kit. Has a taste for rodents

and ice cream.

Was raised in a terrarium on Ceres, is familiar with life in gravity and non-gravity situations. Is very cuddly and understands that people mistake hugs for prey-crushing, and has a few emotional issues related to rejection." Carabian cast the file down, and grabs his opera glasses again.

High Lord Carabain exists only to oppress his subjects. His end goald is nothing less but the total consolidation of power within <NATION>, where no one even dares think of fighting him.  He rules <NATION> not with an army, but with a network of spies constantly informing on the actions of his people. Carabain himself rarely lifts a finger, but to steer against him is a slow death. Those who oppose him may not even realize they are under attack, but soon realize that the world they know is turned against them. Former partners are compelled to distance themselves and disavow their friendship, while business and home are attacked by nefarious means. Soon all who oppose Carabain are left without work, home and friends, and fade into obscurity as Carabain perpetuates even more crimes against his people under the cover of oppressive disinformation.
Oh he will be rewarded. He leans forward, barely able to believe the sight beofre him.

A pack of wolves descends from the right side of the mountain. They circle  and started attacking. Dolly darts behnd a tree. Kit stands her ground and Regina pulls out her trusted welding arc. But just as Kit and Regina send the pack of wolves bakc up the side of the mountain, a pair of polar bears appear on the other side.
Doom is upon them. Kit, Dolly, and Regina huddle together, shaking in front of the twin polar bears. 
Then, suddenly, a three legged silver unicorn galloped across the horizon.  This fortuitous sign represented the imminent resolution of all conflicts in Story Things.  The inhabitants were free to wander the recently mowed green meadows again, free from everything unpleasant.  Upon exiting the field of view, the silver unicorn exclaimed, "Frankly my dear, I don't give a damn!".   

FIN
